docs: disable host dns resolver for minikube installation guide (#25569)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/gettingstarted/k8s-install-default.rst

          ``minikube ssh -- sudo mount bpffs -t bpf /sys/fs/bpf`` in order to mount the BPF filesystem
          ``bpffs`` to ``/sys/fs/bpf``.

          It might be necessary to add ``--host-dns-resolver=false`` if virtualbox provider

>           is used, otherwise dns resolution may not work after cilium installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          It might be necessary to add ``--host-dns-resolver=false`` if using the Virtualbox provider,
          otherwise DNS resolution may not work after Cilium installation.
```
